PGD re-edit group 11 - rest of reference section (#5902)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/repsets-membership.mdx

This function adds a table to a replication set.

This function adds a table to a replication set and starts replicating changes
at that time (on transaction commit). Any existing data the table
might have on a node isn't synchronized.

> <!-- Check edit >

Author: ```suggestion

```

This function adds a table to a replication set.

This function adds a table to a replication set and starts replicating changes

> at that time (on transaction commit). Any existing data the table

Author: Is this what was meant? It took reading this a few times to glean what was meant.

> at that time (on transaction commit). Any existing data the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the committing of the transaction that contains the call to the function. Any existing data the table
```
